Not to get too deep into backstory nor
disclose too much personal information
about myself, but I'll just come right
out and say it that I've always been a
reclusive person ever since I was a
young kid. I didn't have many friends at
all and I spent most of my time playing
video games on the computer or varian
consoles I grew up with. As I got older,
like high school, I started to get into
just going on long walks exploring. I'd
walk through the woods, walk through
cemeteries, and then I developed an
obsession with trespassing, going places
I wasn't supposed to be. It started with
sneaking into cemeteries at night. Then
I started getting more experimental with
it, like exploring abandoned hospitals
and schools. When I was finally able to
drive, it made accessing all these
places much easier. Of course, I only
went with one of my few friends once or
twice. Honestly, I enjoyed it more by
myself. Part of my weirdness includes
the fact that I don't get scared
exploring abandoned places at night by
myself. Or perhaps I should use past
tense and say I didn't used to get
scared. How I used to find a lot of
abandoned structures was simpler than
you might think. I would just go on
Google Earth and zoom into rural areas.
Then I would look for abandoned looking
structures in unsuspecting places. I
would then make a list of five to 10
locations of these structures and try to
visit them all in one day. Sometimes
they wouldn't be abandoned at all. But I
eventually got pretty good at gauging
which ones would be. This hobby involved
a lot of walking through woods. And yes,
before you ask, I did have a job. I
worked a minimum wage job as a stock boy
at a supermarket. So when I wasn't doing
that or in school, a lot of time I was
doing this. One of the places on my list
one day turned out to be an abandoned
little church. I had to park on a dirt
road and get out of my car to walk. It
was about a 10-minute walk. I'd always
wear jeans and boots so that I travel
faster through the woods without hurting
myself.
I started noticing old rusted garbage
cans and other junk scattered in the
woods, indicating I must have been
close. And then I saw the clearing in
the distance approaching along with a
structure. And there it was, some
dilapidated old church sitting in a
random clearing in the woods. It had an
old well right in front of the building.
I walked over to it to see if it had
been sealed, but surprisingly it hadn't
been. I looked down and it was so deep
that it was picked black down there.
When I stopped and listened though, I
heard something down there. It was a
faint clicking sound. It happens like on
a rhythm, one click after 2 seconds. It
didn't sound like water droplets. The
best I could describe it is a stick
being tapped on a stone wall. Curious, I
stared down for longer than I probably
should have. Kind of like I was
hypnotized by the sound. But eventually,
I broke out of my days and decided to go
inside the church. I stepped onto the
creaking wood porch, and the rotted
boards gave slightly under my weight.
The large double doors were a jar. Not
surprising. Out of all the abandoned
structures I'd visited, unless it was a
very well-known one posted frequently
and on subreddits, there wouldn't really
be anyone boarding these places up. I
pushed one door open further, which led
to a loud groan that echoed through the
trees.
The air inside was thick with dust and
the scent of old wood. Light poured
through the shattered stained glass
windows. Some of the pews were
overturned or were missing entirely. The
pulpit stood crooked at the front and
behind it an arched doorway led further
into darkness. I did the usual, scan the
inside with my flashlight and took a few
pictures from my archive on my digital
camera. There was an eerie beauty to the
decay, a holy place like a church near
ruin. It was beautiful but tragic.
I walked slowly toward the back of the
church where the arched doorway was. I
stepped through it and found a narrow
hallway that led to what looked like old
storage rooms. One door was missing
entirely and the others were splintered
or hanging off their hinges. Cobwebs
clung to the ceiling everywhere. And
then I saw at the end of the hallway was
a stairway leading down into the
basement. Jackpot, I thought. Like I
said, I used to not let anything scare
me. Nothing within reason, at least.
Something about exploring abandoned
basements excited me. But this time,
something about that basement door
hanging open leading to the darkness
below made me pause. I honest to God got
a slight chill. But I kept going. I
started down the stairs slowly, and each
step creaked so loud that I feared I'd
fall through the wood. And then I
counted seven steps until my right foot
landed on one that gave way with a loud
crack. And before I could react, it
collapsed under me. I fell hard and
landed in a pile of junk and dirt below
the stairs. I fell directly on my ass
and hurt my tailbone. I let out some
kind of audible complaint, probably a
god damn it or something. My flashlight
flew out of my hand, so I crawled over
to grab it. That was when I heard a
voice. It was a higher pitched sounding
voice, either a woman or a young boy. It
was saying words, but I couldn't
understand any of them except for one
thing. They said hello. The rest was
gibberish, like someone trying to talk
but didn't know how. I stood up and
pointed the flashlight around. It was
just an old basement, some busted
furniture, mostly CS, a dirt floor,
stone walls, but then I saw a tunnel in
the wall. It looked like it was dug out
by hand. As I approached it, I realized
the voice was coming from down there. I
started walking toward it. I was being
dumb, but I had to know what it was.
I stepped just a couple of steps inside
the tunnel and looked around. The walls
were rough, not smooth. It had
definitely been dug out with a shovel by
hand. My flashlight started flickering
and I nearly had a heart attack. I hit
it a few times and it stayed on. Doing
so made a louder noise than I
anticipated, though. The voice got
louder, still just gibberish with that
same weird tone, but I can now confirm
it was coming from deeper inside this
tunnel. And then it stopped. Everything
was quiet for a few seconds. Then I
heard a click. Two seconds later,
another click. Same rhythm and sound as
the well, and the sound echoed. These
clicks and the gibberish echoing voice
were getting louder. My heart was now in
my throat. So, I turned and ran back. I
reached the stairs and remembered one of
the steps was broken. I found it easier
to grab the sides of the stairs and pull
myself up instead of trying to hop over
the broken step.
My flashlight dropped, but it didn't
matter. I was leaving the basement back
to the light of the upstairs. I got to
the top and didn't look back. I ran
through the hallway, through the main
room, and out the front doors. I ran
past the well and stopped for a second.
The clicking sound was gone. There was
no noise at all. Come to think of it, it
was dead silence. I didn't even hear any
birds. I looked down the well one more
time, still pitch blackness. With that,
I turned and ran through the woods,
making it to my car much faster than I
made it to the church, albeit completely
out of breath. I cut the day short and
didn't explore the other places on my
list. This was just one of those
experiences where you don't know what to
think and you just drive home in silence
with the music off. I didn't give up my
hobby of exploring entirely, but I took
a break. I was admittedly very spooked.
I hope it was just some other kids
exploring in there trying to mess with
people. But I don't know. When I think
about it, that sounds really unlikely.
[Music]
This happened to me a while ago and is
still stuck in my mind. Me and my
friends often like to be in the
outdoors. I'll refer to my friends as
John and Anthony. We were bored and
decided to go fishing deep in the woods
near some farmland. We were chased out
by a farmer and his dog. We tried to
hide, but his dog found us and he
threatened to call the police even
though he was already on the phone with
his friend, which we found weird.
Honestly, we kind of found it funny. So,
for whatever reason, we thought it would
be a good idea to go back the next day
and sneak onto the property to explore
it. It was nearing about an hour before
dark, and this property was huge, acres
upon acres. We had to hike through some
deep wood similar to the one we had been
fishing in before. Although we scoped it
out on Google Maps, it was still easy to
get lost.
I remember thinking to myself that we
should be out of there before dark. At
first, everything seemed normal and I
wasn't getting any bad gut feelings. We
were admiring the horses and petting
them. I remember thinking it was weird
having all this farmland and only
horses. I compared it in my head to my
uncle's farm, which is a lot smaller but
has about 10 different types of animals,
not just one. I just brushed it off and
thought that maybe the owner specialized
in horses.
After walking through the woods, we
reached the fence bordering the
property. John was leading the way, I
was in the middle, and Anthony was
behind us. This is when we stumbled upon
a run-down house with multiple trophy
cars and a broken down RV. We were
shocked at the discovery and snuck
around some of the cars. There was also
a very creepy run-down shed. It was
crazy to see. I even took this video.
[__] Corvette
Raptor
Bentley.
Holy [__]
There were multiple Porsches, Range
Rovers, Ford Raptors, Bentley sports
cars, Corvettes, and Ferraris. The
deeper we got and the more cars we saw,
we realized we probably shouldn't be
seeing this since some of the cars were
parted out. We suspected it was probably
a criminal ring stealing cars. After we
had seen all the cars, John decided it
was a good idea to explore the inside of
the camper. While Anthony kept lookout,
I held the door open for John since he's
kind of the smallest, so I thought he
would be best suited to explore it.
There was evidence somebody was living
there. Fishing rods, fresh food,
bedding, and other stuff. Although the
camper was run down, we understood it
was somebody's home, so we got out of
there. I forgot to mention, there were
also car tires inside. We were not there
to break or destroy anything. Just look
around. We snuck around to the back of
the property where all the cars were.
There were side bysides and we made the
connection that they were probably used
to run the property. There was also a
run-down shed, and when we went inside
the back of it, we caught a foul,
horrible smell. We kind of just brushed
it off and laughed, joking that maybe it
could be a body. None of us really
believed it, though. Then we heard the
gate at the entrance of the property
open and slam. It was about 1,000 ft
away. We were heading back to the
woodline because we didn't want anyone
to see us. And that's when a van turned
onto the street we were on. It was
nearing dusk and the headlights were on.
So, we sprinted through the woods, not
sure if he saw us. This is when we
probably should have left, but we
decided to explore the other side of the
property. After walking along the
outskirts and hiking through more woods,
there were a lot more horses, but we
finally got to the main house of the
property. Again, it seemed very rundown.
About 25 ft to the right was another
camper, or at least what looked like a
camper. It was massive, about 50 ft
long, and probably hadn't moved in 50
years. We almost missed it because it
was completely covered in vines. Right
next to it was another run-down jet ski,
also covered in vines. We managed to get
the door open, but didn't want to make
too much noise since we were so close to
the main house. Even though it seemed
abandoned, we wanted to be cautious. Not
just because we were trespassing, but
because there was similar suspicious
stuff on both ends of the property,
which I could only assume was connected
to the car stealing ring. I knew if we
were caught, it would be a problem. We
snuck around the house and saw what was
probably the most luxurious car on the
property. Although it was rundown and
old, it was still an amazing sports car,
a Ferrari. I didn't get a picture or
video since we were still near the main
house and the horses were making a lot
of noise. We got sketched out on the far
end of the property. There was a boat
and cooler inside a fridge. John looked
around the boat and the cooler was about
15 ft into some very thick vegetation.
We joked about the probability of a body
being in there. At this point, the mood
was still kind of jokey because we were
exploring something we weren't supposed
to see. When we got closer to the
freezer, another terrible smell came,
like the smell of death and rot. We
decided to back off, assuming the worst,
and didn't want to open it in case there
was something we really didn't want to
see in there. We got a bad vibe, and we
were on our way back when Anthony
started hearing things. We paused and
listened with him, and we heard the
noises, too. I can't really describe
them. I don't know if they were just
normal wood noises or if everything just
seemed amplified because we were
paranoid. The vegetation was about head
high and there was a rock that each of
us took turns standing on to get a
better view of the property. When John
went up there, we were still laughing
and joking. Then he turned to us looking
like he had just seen a ghost. He
wouldn't speak, so I decided to get on
the rock and look for myself. What I saw
is seared into my brain. Over the
vegetation, I saw a man sitting at a
table with a black cat. That wasn't the
scary part. When I looked at his face,
there was no hair, no eyes, no mouth, no
nose, no facial features at all. You can
call me crazy, but I know what I saw. We
were about 50 ft away, and it felt like
the man was staring at us, but we
genuinely couldn't see his eyes since he
had no features. There was also a woman
with him who made direct eye contact
with me. And that was the moment she
started running in a direction to cut us
off from the property. I don't know if
the man's featureless face was real or
if he had white medical tape or bandages
covering it. I still can't decide, but
his face was pure white and his head was
very small. I still can't get it out of
my head. After that, it was still dark
and we had a long hike through the woods
to get back to where we came from. We
felt as if we were being followed almost
the whole way, and we almost took a
route that was 2 mi out just to get
away. There were weird noises like
stomping feet, galloping, and screams.
We tried to be quiet through the woods,
but also tried to move quickly. We ended
up making it back and made sure we
weren't followed. I genuinely still
don't know what that was or if it was
human, but I can't get this experience
out of my head, and I know none of us
will ever go back.
[Music]
I went to a quarry in McKini, Texas, and
I will never go back there again after
what happened to me. Here is a little
backstory, so this will make sense. The
first time I went to this quarry, it was
pretty sketchy. Me and a couple of my
friends, Josh and Miles, went to this
quarry for cliff jumping since we had
seen some YouTube videos of people cliff
jumping at it. And we found out that it
was only about a half hour away from
where we lived. Both Miles and I are old
enough to drive, me being 16 and Miles
being 17. So, we thought that it would
be a really good idea to go. Once we got
to the quarry, it had a really sketchy
vibe to it. There was a small dirt road
that led up to the quarry which made a
circle around it. To the left were these
ghetto looking white buildings which
were pretty much just white metal boxes.
And to the right was the fence that
surrounded the rock path that led to the
quarry. We drove down this road in Miles
Jeep. And there were tons of signs
saying stuff like no trespassing or
warning blasting zone. And there was
even this big white piece of cardboard
that read trespassers will be shot on
site. It's important to note that in
Texas people can legally shoot you if
you're on their property, but it just
doesn't really happen much. We decided
to drive back to the beginning of the
road where there was this gravel parking
lot by an old building which looked like
it hadn't been touched in years. Miles
parked the car and we all reluctantly
got out of the car and began our walk to
the quarry. While we were walking, a
truck drove right past us and the driver
just kind of looked at us with a blank
expression on his face. Honestly, it was
pretty scary when the car passed us, but
the fact that he didn't do anything made
us think maybe they don't care too much
if we're on their property. We kept on
walking and then we came to the fence
where we were supposed to jump to get
onto the rock path that led to the
quarry. We went to the smallest cliff
jumping spot first and saw a pretty big
snake swimming in the water after the
first 10 minutes of being there. So, we
decided to wander further down the
quarry where we saw a decentsized cliff
about 35 ft. After depth checking it, we
spent about an hour cliff jumping there
before we got bored and moved on to the
next cliff. We were at the very end of
the quarry and we were walking down a
path to get to a bigger spot when we saw
a black Hummer stop. The lady in the
Hummer was probably in her mid30s. She
rolled down the window and yelled, "What
the are you doing on my property?" It
honestly kind of shocked us all. And I
responded with saying in an innocent
voice, "What do you mean? We thought
this was public property." She knew we
were lying straight to her face and
yelled at us some more. Then she said
something that I'll never forget. She
picked up her phone and said, "John, get
the gun." Me, Miles, and Josh all froze.
We were scared to death. She said to
follow her and drove slowly down the
path about 20 ft to a gate. We decided
to follow her. We were all saying that
we were so sorry and that we would never
come back again. And she let us go after
saying the cops are on their way, so you
better haul ass that way before they get
here. And pointed towards the dirt path
that led us away from her property. We
told her thank you and ran faster than
any of us thought we could. Then we got
in the jeep and drove away. I wish this
was the end of the story, but it isn't.
A couple of months later, Miles asked me
if I would ever go to the quarry again,
and I reluctantly told him that if we
had a bigger group together, then I
would go. We got a group of five
together and went back to the quarry in
my car. I drove, and after about an
hour, we arrived at a church, which we
would be parking at, which was about 2
minutes away from the quarry. We didn't
want the lady somehow seeing our car and
getting our license plate number. We
walked down the dirt road that led to
the quarry and passed by a few cars. One
car stopped next to us and a guy who was
probably in his early 20s told us to
watch out for a black Hummer. We laughed
and told him the story of what happened
the first time that we went to the
quarry. And then we were back to walking
down the dirt road. We jumped the fence
that surrounded the quarry and decided
we would just go to the second spot so
that we would at least be a tiny bit out
of sight of the dirt road. We were at
the spot for about an hour and having
fun when a silver van pulls up at the
end of the dirt road about 25 yd away.
It wasn't the black Hummer, so we
weren't running away just yet. But we
were getting our stuff ready in case we
had to run. It was for the most part out
of our sight due to trees being in
between us and the van. We waited there
for about a minute and thought that the
guy was just doing something in the car
when we heard two loud gunshots really
close to us. The gunshots scared us half
to death. The exit of the quarry was not
very close, probably about 300 yd and
about 125 yd to get on the main dirt
road which led off the property. I led
the way with my friend Aiden trailing
not far behind me. I heard more gunshots
about 40 yard away and it sounded like
he had shot about eight shots so far.
But when I looked back, I couldn't see
the guy who was shooting at us. We got
to the fence and jumped it, and we were
now on the main dirt road that led to
the exit. Out of pure luck, the guy we
had talked to earlier, who had warned us
about the black Hummer, was in his white
truck on the dirt road. We begged him
for a ride, and he gave us a ride back
to the end of the property. We thanked
him and then ran back to the car. We all
got in the car and drove away, never to
see that quarry again.
[Music]
Back in 2018, my cousin Ryan and I were
really into urban exploration. We had
been to old factories, shuttered
schools, and forgotten farm houses that
looked like they were one good windstorm
away from collapsing. We were not stupid
about it. We checked floors before
walking on them, wearing masks where
there might be a speestous, and avoided
any place that seemed like it might be
actively guarded. Still, there was one
place we'd been talking about for months
that neither of us had worked up the
nerve to try. The big abandoned house on
the shore of Lake Harlo. It was the kind
of property you only ever saw from a
distance. Sitting far back from the main
road behind a set of tall iron gates
that had been bent inward years ago.
Pines and brush had grown wild around
the driveway, hiding most of the place
unless you caught a glimpse through the
trees while driving past. Local rumors
about the place were endless. The most
common story was that a wealthy family
had lived there in the '90s before
suddenly disappearing. People claimed
they'd left in the middle of the night
without taking anything. Furniture,
clothes, dishes, even family photos were
supposedly still inside. Theories range
from financial ruin to witness
protection to something even darker. No
one had ever bought it afterward, and
the property had just sat there decaying
for more than two decades. The afternoon
we went, the weather was gray and still.
We parked at a hiking trail head about a
half mile from the property, and we
walked in through the woods to avoid
being seen from the road. As we got
closer, the roof line appeared through
the trees, and I realized just how big
the place really was. Three stories with
tall windows and a wide wrapound porch,
all in various stages of rot. Paint
peeled off in long strips like sunburnt
skin, and sections of the porch sagged
inward. We circled around to the back,
moving quietly in case there was anyone
nearby. The back door was unlocked, and
the moment we stepped inside, the air
changed.
The air was still and smelled faintly of
lake water and dust. The kitchen was the
first thing we saw. It looked like a
movie set, frozen in time. Plates were
stacked neatly on the counter and a
coffee cup with a brown ring of dried
residue sat beside the sink. The cabinet
stood open, showing old boxes of food
that were long expired. A faded calendar
on the wall still hung open to May 1997.
We moved through the downstairs slowly.
The living room still had furniture
draped in yellowed sheets. The fireplace
was still filled with crumbling ash like
the last fire had burned out decades
ago.
Family photos were hung in the hallway
with people smiling at barbecues and
dressed up for Christmas. Honestly, I
got the chills for some reason as I
looked at these photos. There was
something eerie about seeing cheery
family photos in a long abandoned house.
Some of the photos had sunfaded so badly
that their faces were almost ghostly
white. Upstairs is where things started
to feel off. The first bedroom we
entered had a perfectly made bed, but
all the dresser drawers were open and
completely empty. Another room's floor
was entirely covered with newspapers
from 1997.
Each one folded open to the classified
ad section. I didn't think much of it
until I noticed the dates. They were all
from within the same week in July, and
every circled ad was for private buyers
looking for quiet transactions. The
master bedroom was the strangest. The
heavy curtains were drawn shut, but when
I pulled them back, I found the windows
had been boarded over from the inside.
The closet door had a rusted padlock on
it, and the floor in front of it was
scratched, as if someone had tried to
drag something heavy out, but couldn't.
Ryan wanted to force it open, but I
talked him out of it. We didn't have
tools, and I wasn't eager to break
something in a place where we weren't
supposed to be. He suggested we check
the basement before leaving. The
basement door was in a narrow hallway
off the kitchen. When we opened it, a
wave of damp, cool air came up that
smelled strongly of mildew. The stairs
were wooden. Each step down, creaked
like it might give way under us. The
basement was big with thick stone walls
and wooden shelves along one side. Most
were empty except for a few rusted cans
and a broken lantern. But in the center
of the room, illuminated in our
flashlight beams, were five chairs, all
mismatched and old, but arranged in a
perfect circle.
Unlike everything else in the house,
they weren't dusty. The seats looked
recently used. I was about to whisper
something to Ryan when we both froze.
Somewhere above us, a door closed. The
sound was clear as day, and it was
followed by footsteps crossing the floor
above. We killed our lights instantly
and stood in the dark, barely breathing.
The footsteps paused, then started
again, moving toward the hallway above
the basement. My heart was pounding so
hard I could hear it in my ears. We
hadn't seen any cars outside. We hadn't
heard anyone else since we got here.
Whoever was up there hadn't made a sound
until now. The footsteps stopped again,
this time directly above the basement
door. Then the sound of the door handle
rattling made my blood run cold. Ryan
grabbed my arm and pulled me toward the
far end of the basement where a small
ground level window sat broken and half
covered by a rotting shutter. It was
barely big enough to fit through, but we
didn't care. I went first, scraping my
jacket on the glass, dropping down into
damp dirt outside. Ryan was right behind
me. We sprinted into the treeine, not
daring to look back until we were well
into the woods. When I finally did
glance over my shoulder, I saw the
basement door wide open and someone
standing in it. They were too far away
to make out any details, just tall and
still. and it looked like their head was
tilted slightly like they were watching
us. We didn't stop running until we
reached the car. Both of us were so
disturbed that we barely even spoke on
the car ride home. That night, I just
kept replaying it in my head. Everything
from the chairs to the footsteps to the
locked closet and then that horrifying
image of that figure on the porch.
So, a couple weeks later, Ryan called me
and told me that after he made a post in
a Facebook group asking if anyone knows
about the history of that house, an
older guy responded to his post saying
that there have been sightings of
someone in that house. And the first
guest would of course be a squatter.
However, that wouldn't explain the
strange, almost ritualistic looking
circle of chairs in the basement. At
this point, it's not my problem to worry
about. Just happy we got out of there in
one piece.